Congratulations, little guard, you have survived your first cycle.
Luckily, the animatronics seem to only wander during certain times; they return to the stage to hibernate at other times.
Though, they seem to get more hostile as the cycles go on. They are less hostile while you are new.
I would check the overseer now, for that matter, to see if any have moved already.
I used to purpose other creatures, such as lizards. But not even the strongest could stop the robots, and it became very expensive to keep creating new of such guards.
I eventually settled on your species: cheap, yet intelligent and quite able.
Their hostility seems to vary each time I put a new guard out. You... do not want to know the fate of the 87th guard.
It is fascinating how a little creature such as yourself can survive with a sharp piece of rebar impaling their brain, along with other injuries.
Fortunately for you, the robots have not had any such weaponry in the past few iterations.
...
I suppose I should be giving you more useful information, though.
The overseers' viewing positions are mostly fixed, which I consider poor design on the behalf of my benefactors.
With this, there are blind spots that happen to exist outside of your doors. It is imperative you use your lights.
Though, for one that isn't necessary. The dark one.
It rarely ever moves. But when it does move, it goes straight for your office, only pausing outside the hallway and your door.
However, it does become quite active without power. As such, it is imperative that you do not run out of it. Your continuation depends on it.
All of them amaze me somewhat. Having observed them myself in the past, all four of them appear to have unique behaviors.
The red one, for instance...
Actually, I suppose you cannot see the color on the overseers. It is too dark, and the overseers have to make use of their dark vision abilities to show you the images.
The red one generally tends to look angry. It seems to have more movement the less you view it and its friends.
I suppose it does not like being watched. At least it is not like the scavengers, who have the incessant urge to kill any overseer they see.
I am positive you will have everything under control. I will talk to you again next cycle.